Update tutorial instructions to include downloading released contracts (#574)
LF-Decentralized-Trust-labs/paladin: doc-site/docs/tutorials/index.md

- **Node.js 20.x or newer**  
  Follow the [official Node.js documentation](https://nodejs.org/en/download/package-manager) for your platform to install the appropriate version.

> To access the tutorial code, clone the **latest tag** of the Paladin repository:

Reviewer: My initial reaction on reading this was that I'm checking out a tag called `latest`

```suggestion
To access the tutorial code, clone the **most recent release tag** of the Paladin repository:
```
